data/System/DirectedGraphPlugin.txt 0644 Plugin topic
data/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs.txt 0644 Basic Howto topic

lib/Foswiki/Plugins/DirectedGraphPlugin.pm 0644 Plugin module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/DirectedGraphPlugin/Config.spec 0644 Config template

tools/DirectedGraphPlugin.pl 0644 Helper script used to execute graphviz commands

# Do not attach these to their topics - speed up installationn
!noci
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Cloud-Filled.jpg 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Cloud-Filled.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Laptop.jpg 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Laptop.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Printer.jpg 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Printer.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Sun_Workstation.jpg 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Sun_Workstation.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Wireless_Router.jpg 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Wireless_Router.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Workgroup_Switch.jpg 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/Workgroup_Switch.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/graphsample.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/graphsample2.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/graphsample2_antialiased.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/sample_component_architecture.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/sample_simple_lan_setup.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/DirectedGraphPlugin/usecase_sample.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/add_subgraphs.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/added_attributes.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/arrow_dot.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/arrow_inv.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/arrow_invdot.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/arrow_invodot.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/arrow_none.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/arrow_normal.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/arrow_odot.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/example1.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/grouping_nodes.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/ladder_diagram.cmapx 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/ladder_diagram.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_Mcircle.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_Mdiamond.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_Msquare.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_box.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_circle.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_diamond.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_doublecircle.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_doubleoctagon.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_egg.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_ellipse.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_hexagon.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_house.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_invhouse.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_invtrapezium.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_invtriangle.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_octagon.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_parallelogram.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_plaintext.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_point.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_polygon.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_trapezium.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_triangle.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/shape_tripleoctagon.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/simple_two_nodes.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
pub/System/HowtoDirectedGraphs/with_labels.png 0644 Sample image used in examples
